Clarify instructions in README + update default gamepad velocity values (#112)
nasa-jpl/osr-rover-code: setup/rpi.md

source devel/setup.bash
```

The rover has some customizable settings that will overwrite the default values. 
Whether you have any changes compared to the defaults or not, you have to manually create these files:
```
cd ~/osr_ws/src/osr-rover-code/ROS/osr_bringup/config
touch physical_properties_mod.yaml roboclaw_params_mod.yaml
```

To change any values from the default, modify these files instead so they don't get tracked by git. 
The files follow the same structure as the default. Just include the values that you need to change as the default
values for other parameters may change over time.

> You might also want to modify the file `ROS/osr_bringup/osr.launch` to change the velocities the gamepad controller will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might also want to modify the file `osr-rover-code/ROS/osr_bringup/launch/osr.launch` to change the velocities the gamepad controller will
```

send to the rover. These values in the node joy2twist are of interest:
```
<param name="scale_linear" value="0.18"/>
<param name="scale_angular" value="0.4"/>
<param name="scale_linear_turbo" value="0.24"/>
```
The maximum speed your rover can go is determined by the no-load speed of your drive motors. The default value is located

> in the file [physical_properties.yaml](ROS/osr_bringupconfig/physical_properties.yaml) as `drive_no_load_rpm`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the file [physical_properties.yaml](../ROS/osr_bringup/config/physical_properties.yaml) as `drive_no_load_rpm`. 
```

Reviewer: I *think* that fixes the link

Then the value of `scale_linear_turbo` can be calculated as `drive_no_load_rpm * 2pi / 60 * wheel radius (=0.075m)`.

> Based on this max value, let's set our regular moving speed to a fraction of that which you can configure to your liking.

Reviewer: I don't understand this. You say it can be calculated above, but then you say it's a max and its actual value should be 0.75 times itself. Update wording to clarify that the first calc is the max?

Reviewer: Update looks good.

> The maximum speed your rover can go is determined by the no-load speed of your drive motors. The default value is located
> in the file [physical_properties.yaml](../ROS/osr_bringup/config/physical_properties.yaml) as `drive_no_load_rpm`. 
> Then the value of `scale_linear_turbo` can be calculated as `drive_no_load_rpm * 2pi / 60 * wheel radius (=0.075m)`.
> Based on this max value, let's set our regular moving speed to a fraction of that which you can configure to your liking.
> Start with e.g. 0.75 * scale_linear_turbo.

Author: ```suggestion
The maximum speed your rover can go is determined by the no-load speed of your drive motors. The default no-load speed is located
in the file [physical_properties.yaml](../ROS/osr_bringup/config/physical_properties.yaml) as `drive_no_load_rpm`, unless you modified it in the corresponding `_mod.yaml` file. 
This maximum speed corresponds to `scale_linear_turbo` and can be calculated as `drive_no_load_rpm * 2pi / 60 * wheel radius (=0.075m)`.
Based on this upper limit, let's set our regular moving speed to a sensible fraction of that which you can configure to your liking.
Start with e.g. 0.75 * scale_linear_turbo. If you think it's too slow or too fast, simply scale it up or down.
```
